My first readme ALX tasks, this is updated
1. Repo-session
Create a new directory called 0x03-git in your alx-zero_day repo.

Make sure you include a not empty README.md in your directory:

at the root of your repository alx-zero_day
AND in the directory 0x03-git
And important part: Make sure your commit and push your code to Github - otherwise the Checker will always fail.

2. Coding fury road
For the moment we have an empty project directory containing only a README.md. It’s time to code!

Create these directories at the root of your project: bash, c, js
Create these empty files:
c/c_is_fun.c
js/main.js
js/index.js
Create a file bash/alx with these two lines inside: #!/bin/bash and echo "ALX"
Create a file bash/school with these two lines inside: #!/bin/bash and echo "School"
Add all these new files to git
Commit your changes (message: “Starting to code today, so cool”) and push to the remote server

3. Collaboration is the base of a company
A branch is like a copy of your project. It’s used mainly for:

adding a feature in development
collaborating on the same project with other developers
not breaking your entire repository
not upsetting your co-workers
The purpose of a branch is to isolate your work from the main code base of your project and/or from your co-workers’ work.

For this project, create a branch update_script and in this branch:

Create an empty file named bash/98
Update bash/alx by replacing echo "ALX" with echo "ALX School"
Update bash/school by replacing echo "School" with echo "The school is open!"
Add and commit these changes (message: “My personal work”)
Push this new branch Tips
Perfect! You did an amazing update in your project and it’s isolated correctly from the main branch.

Ho wait, your manager needs a quick fix in your project and it needs to be deployed now:

Change branch to main
Update the file bash/alx by replacing echo "ALX" with echo "ALX School is so cool!"
Delete the directory js
Commit your changes (message: “Hot fix”) and push to the origin
Ouf, hot fix is done!

4. Collaboration: be up to date
Of course, you can also work on the same branch as your co-workers and it’s best if you keep up to date with their changes.

For this task – and only for this task – please update your file README.md in the main branch from GitHub.com. It’s the only time you are allowed to update and commit from GitHub interface.

After you have done that, in your terminal:

Get all changes of the main branch locally (i.e. your README.md file will be updated)
Create a new file up_to_date at the root of your directory and in it, write the git command line used
Add up_to_date to git, commit (message: “How to be up to date in git”), and push to the origin

5. HAAA what did you do???
Collaboration is cool, but not really when you update the same file at the same time…

To illustrate that, please merge the branch update_script to main: “Cool, all my changes will be now part of the main branch, ready to be deployed!”

HHHHHHHAAAAAAAA

CONFLICT (content): Merge conflict in bash/alx
As you can see, you have conflicts between two branches on the same file.

Your goal now is to resolve conflicts by using the version of the branch update_script, and push the result to the origin.

At the end, you should have all your work from the branch update_script (new file and two updated files) and all latest main commits (new files, delete folder, etc.), without conflicts.

6. Never push too much
Create a .gitignore file and define a rule to never push ~ files (generated by Emacs).https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore
